Hello, everyone.
Hello, and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines directly
to your earbuds.
This is episode 225, recorded March 17.
I'm Brian Okken.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
And I'm Sebastian Witovsky.
Hey, we have a special guest.
Yay.
Welcome, Sebastian.
Thanks.
I'm excited to be here.
Huge fan of the show.
Thank you.
Thanks so much.
- Cool.
Well, should we kick it off?
- Yeah, yeah.
Also, I wanna say thanks to Linode
for sponsoring this episode.
And Brian, I've heard of people getting
like smaller computers, Raspberry Pis,
and things like that,
but you've taken it to some crazy extreme here.
Is that what's happening?
- Yeah. - What's going on here?
What is this thing?
- The Pico.
So actually, I saw this announcement on Twitter.
It's actually came out in January,
but we haven't covered it yet.
It's kind of exciting.
The Pico is four bucks for,
and I know they have a $5 little chip also,
or a little controller,
but this is really like in microcontroller land,
which is, it's really pretty cool.
It doesn't have a lot, like there's no wifi on it.
There's not a lot on it, but there's also not a lot on it.
So it's very low powered.
So really microcontroller size.
One of the exciting things about this is this is,
I think this is the first Raspberry Pi
with a chip designed by Raspberry Pi.
So this is a custom Raspberry Pi chip.
And what do they call it?
Oh, I can't remember.
RP2040 is the chip that goes in.
It means anything to anybody.
But the low power thing is what I think is fascinating.
like is because there's some things that you can even,
you can power like LED lights and stuff with it even,
and there is enough power to do quite a bit with peripherals
but you also can, since it's so low power,
this'll be good for things like temperature sensors
and other sensors that you leave alone someplace.
And a microcontroller that you can leave somewhere
and then come pick up later.
This is some, and that you can control with Python
is something new and that's pretty exciting.
- Yeah, that's super cool.
And apparently it's coming soon also
is the Arduino Nano Connect,
which comes with a nine axis IMU and a microphone,
and microphone,
a powerful wifi and Bluetooth module,
and a crypto chip and stuff like that.
So that'd be kind of cool as well, right?
Like put this thing on wifi and whatnot.
- Yeah, and one of the other things I forgot to mention,
this is the first Raspberry Pi product
that has an ADC on it.
So with that you can do,
it isn't just like,
you can do analog input so you can,
more accurately hook up a temperature sensor or something.
- Oh, right.
working with--
this is your IoT thing, and you want
to just work with plug-in, a voltage meter, or whatever,
right?
OK, super cool.
>>So that's pretty exciting.
And anything that drives people working
with a combination of hardware and software
together in a nice language like Python, very much appreciated.
This is an exciting part of the Python world.
I also want to mention the editor Mew
that can be found at CodeWithMew.
And I don't have this up here.
But they released-- they're working on the 1.1 version.
And the beta 2 is out.
And one of the things it supports
is this Pica board, along with some of the LEGO spike
products and a whole bunch of new fixes.
So especially when we're working with microcontrollers
and students, that's a nice thing to have.
- Did you mention the price?
- That is $4?
- Yes. - Yeah, that's amazing.
- That is so awesome, right?
- So yeah, later on in the announcement,
they've got like this picture of them, like wrapped up,
like a whole, like a reel of these.
I think they're trying to encourage people
to buy like a whole bunch of them at a time.
- It's like a candy wrapper,
but you get a computer instead.
- Yeah, that's pretty great.
- Really good, I love it.
That's as good as our jokes.
Sebastian, what do you think of this thing?
- I never actually got into Raspberry Pi
and all this programming hardware.
I actually bought Raspberry Pi like years ago
and it was in my drawer until one day I decided
to put a Pi hole on it to get rid of the ads
and it's been working flawlessly since then.
So I have Raspberry Pi somewhere there,
but I'm impressed to see how they are dropping the price.
Like $4, it's like extremely affordable.
- Yeah, that's really, really wild, that thing.
Pretty awesome.
Also, Brian, a comment.
Paul Sanders in the live stream says,
"Can you use Ubuntu on Pico like a regular,
"quote, regular Raspberry Pi, or is it like its own thing?"
- I'm pretty sure it's its own thing.
I don't think it has a full operating system on it.
- Yeah, it describes itself as a microcontroller, right?
- Yeah.
- So it's like more like MicroPython,
Adafruit, AdaCircuit, Python, so on, yeah.
It would be cool, but I don't know, it's pretty small, $4.
- Yeah, I think it is running MicroPython,
but I'm not sure.
So, yeah.
- Yeah, yeah, very cool.
All right, well, I wanna talk about something brand new
for the next item here, and that is Beanie.
So I came across this yesterday,
and actually I had some other thing I was gonna cover.
I'm like, no, no, no, Beanie's cool.
I wanna talk about Beanie.
I'm pretty excited about it
because I was recently talking with a friend of mine
about, oh, what would you use with FastAPI and MongoDB?
Well, the traditional ORMs, ODMs,
they don't call them ORMs in Mongo
because they don't map relations, they map documents,
so they call them ODMs, object document mappers,
but same idea.
I was talking with him and saying,
he's like, well, what would you use with FastAPI?
'Cause you really wanna leverage the async
and await nature of the views,
which is so easy to do there.
and whatnot, but I started looking,
all the old standbys that I like,
Mongo engine, and some of the others,
the ORM, ODM side don't seem to be
really supporting the async await world.
You start looking around, well, there's motor,
which is the official async
library from MongoDB, the company, the organization,
to support this, but the way you program there is,
I run a query as, you know, sort of almost like SQL syntax,
and I get back a Python dictionary, which is okay,
but I don't really like that style.
Really like getting a class back,
be able to do queries with the class,
have the class have like types and constraints and whatnot.
'Cause if you're just working with dictionaries,
it's so easy to like forget to set it.
I don't know, a field you didn't remember existed
or something weird like that and get inconsistent data.
So I ran across this thing called Beanie,
which is an async-friendly ODM for MongoDB
And we've talked a lot about Pydantic.
Pydantic's awesome, right?
Yeah.
So with Beanie, it basically takes and uses Pydantic models
as the classes that map to the database.
And I think that's just super cool.
- Yeah, very cool.
- Yeah, so let me see if I can pull up some examples here.
So the idea is that with the document databases,
you can embed stuff.
So I might have one class that's containing a list
of other classes I define,
that just is a record in the database.
So the way it works with Beanie
is you create anything that derives from base model.
That means it's a Pydantic model with all the validation
and loading and stuff that you get from that world.
And then you have a top level document
that derives from this beanie.document,
which is really just a specialization of a Pydantic model.
So everything you do with Pydantic happens here.
And then you actually just work with the motor async driver,
which is the "official" way to talk to MongoDB asynchronously
from Python.
And then you can create a class, embed your objects, hit Save.
You can go and just go to your document
and just say Insert 1 as a class, Insert Mini.
You can do filters.
You can either do like getById, or you can say do a find query
or something like that.
So yeah, I think it's pretty neat that it allows you
to take this sort of blended, it's like half ORM, ODM,
and half sort of just working directly with the MongoDB API.
And yeah, it's pretty neat.
One of the big notable things that I feel like
it's kind of missing is it doesn't support creating
and managing indexes through this object model.
But I was talking to the guy who created it,
Roman Wright, on GitHub, and he's like,
Yeah, that's a good idea.
It's like one of the next things I'm thinking about.
So pretty cool.
If you're doing stuff with MongoDB
and you like Pydantic,
here's an exciting new project that people can check out.
It even has capabilities for the aggregation model,
which is like MapReduce plus sort of
that kind of processing,
which often doesn't show up in these ODMs.
So people can check it out.
It's growing.
It was almost brand new yesterday.
Now it's up to 25 stars.
So it's not super, super popular,
but it's like 25 times more popular than it was yesterday.
So that's pretty cool.
It's on a good track.
- I got a question about indexes.
So if you, even if it didn't support it,
could you go around and just request them anyway?
- Yeah, no problem.
You could go to like motor and do it in Python,
say create index at this, you know, like,
it's not create, it's ensure index,
like create if does not exist index during app startup,
or you just literally could go to the database
and actually use some management tool
and create the indexes there.
So it's not like you can't use indexes.
It's just like if you're defining the whole model,
it would be cool if it could just happen
as part of the class definition.
As many things do, like SQLAlchemy does that.
Mongo engine does that.
It's a pretty standard paradigm here.
So I don't know.
What do you guys think?
- I kind of really like the idea of having an ODMB,
like this hybrid model of like,
it's not really taking over hiding Mongo
because Mongo is actually not that hard to deal with anyway.
It's adding some of these class wrappers
and giving you a lot of the power of Mongo at the same time.
- Yeah, for sure.
And you can see like actually the document,
sorry, the blog post that announces this
rather than the GitHub repo has a few examples
and they're all FastAPI.
Like you have an asynchronous API endpoint
and then you await note.create, which saves it.
Or you can await like a query.
Let me see if... Yeah.
Anyway, you can await queries and things like that,
which is the really cool thing.
So, Pedantic plus Async and Await, pretty neat.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
Especially the list of features that you show,
it's pretty impressive for such a new project.
Yeah, this guy Roman apparently, he comments in here,
like, "This is something I've been using for myself for a while,
and it's really awesome."
So now I'm just sort of putting it out there.
Hopefully it grows from that. So that's pretty cool.
So you work with async more than I have.
Is this something that I could,
if you want to start playing with it,
would you have to jump into the async world
or could you use Beanie without async stuff?
- You know, I hadn't really thought about it.
Looking at it, it looks like it has to be async.
Right, because the queries like the find one,
create and so on, they all are awaitable,
they're all being awaited.
And I don't see a way just quickly glancing at it
to say, don't be that, you know what I mean?
Like I don't see how it's both at the same time.
And if it is, you'd probably have to use it.
So I'm guessing actually you do have to use it as an async,
but I don't know for sure.
I haven't tried it well enough.
It's a good question.
All right, well, speaking of good stuff,
- Something I've talked about on Talk Python,
but not on Python Bytes.
So Sebastian is gonna tell you guys
about something over there, right?
That we talked about over there.
- Yeah, so I wanted to talk about a tool
that I have been using for a long time,
and I know that you, Michael, are familiar with it,
'cause you already covered it.
- Yeah, I'm a huge fan of code quality,
refactoring, all that kind of stuff.
Like having your editor tell you,
like, this could be better,
press this button to make it happen.
I love that. - Yeah, exactly.
That's why I absolutely love this tool,
because it's like one level above of, let's say, linters.
'Cause when you're using PyLint or Flake 8,
you get like some warning saying like, look, this is wrong.
And then there is Sorcery
that tries to kind of make your code better.
It gives you like refactoring tool tips just as you type.
So for example, if you scroll a bit down there,
there is some GIF showing what it can do.
And for example, if you have like an if statement
and both branches have the same statement,
you will get a pop-up saying that, "Look, this can be moved outside."
Or, for example, when you have a for loop,
you will get a recommendation saying,
"Hey, this can be turned into a list comprehension."
So I really like it,
and it integrates, I think, with PyCharm and VS Code.
So I don't know about Veeam.
I don't think there is any support right now for stuff like that.
And it's super easy to use because you just got a pop-up
and you can click, "Yes, I want to have this refactoring."
you can see the diff of how it will look after the refactoring.
And it's also free to use, at least in the Code Editor.
I think they have the Pricing tab, but I think you can pay
to have analytics for your project and set it up
with continuous integration servers and stuff like that.
But for VS Code and PyCharm, it's free to use.
Yeah, it looks like you get a couple of extra refactorings
and whole project analysis for money.
Yeah, but the basic refactorings that can already help you a lot,
they are there for free.
And at least for me, I just keep getting constant pop-ups
saying this code can be refactored.
So, I mean, maybe I'm a terrible programmer,
but sometimes I'm tired and I don't see something.
So it's nice to just click one thing
and have three lines of code turn into one line.
So that's pretty awesome.
I don't know.
Brian, have you used it?
Because I know that Michael had.
I haven't used it yet, but I'm pretty excited.
It looks pretty fun.
Yeah, it looks really neat.
And like I said, I did interview the guys over there
on the show about what they're doing.
And I believe that all--
one of the things that some people have worried about
is these kinds of tools.
Sometimes, especially the ones that
try to use AI, ML to help you.
And I don't think that this is one of those.
They'll end up sending your code over.
I think this is all just local stuff, which is nice.
- Yeah, I guess that's one of my questions.
I often run, you know, I often do a lot of coding
on my laptop with it, with no wifi connection or anything.
Can I, does this help at all?
- I'm pretty sure, I don't think it makes any,
I don't think it uses the internet to do its magic.
So I think it's all just in the editor
in PyCharm or VS Code. - Yeah, probably.
- Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's the case.
But the one thing, so I used this for a while
and I liked it.
One thing that drove me crazy and possibly it's been fixed
is there's like one or two recommendations.
Like a lot of the recommendations it makes are great,
but there's one or two that I really didn't like.
I think for example, I was using a guarding clause.
So I would say, coming to method,
the very first thing is like,
if something's wrong, return and there's an error
and then go do the thing I was really wanting to do.
So it's not indented, 'cause I really liked that style.
And it was suggesting that I like include,
I reversed that if so I don't have as many as much cycle,
not cycle, as many decision points, right?
There's not as many branches as going on there.
And that's fine.
I just don't have to accept that
it doesn't automatically do it.
But it constantly was highlighting that with like squiggles
as if something was wrong with my editor.
And other tools like PyCharm do that.
You could just say, you know what, for this thing,
please don't tell me that this is the fix
'cause I really want this to be here for reason X, Y, and Z.
I couldn't find a way to do that in Sorcery,
and it was driving me crazy.
I'm like, no, this is not wrong.
Like, stop telling me it's wrong.
So I really hope, you know, if they're listening,
maybe you could hint and add like a #ignore sorcery line
type of thing, like all the other editors have.
But yeah, no, I do think it's a cool tool
and people should check it out if it sounds interesting.
- Yeah, it'll be nice to have this configurable,
stop complaining about this, but if I clean and--
- Right, or either I would even be happy to just say,
please don't tell me about,
'cause it was like very specific,
like one very small suggestion,
like just don't suggest that to me ever.
Like I don't ever want that,
but everything else you do, I love you, thank you.
(both laughing)
Nice, yeah, John Sheehan has a comment.
Some code efficiency improvements
could end up obfuscating intent.
Absolutely, for sure, they definitely could.
I feel like a lot of what it's suggesting actually
is a clarifying change.
It's like, look, you're duplicating this code
or this is overly indented.
Here's how you change it so it's not.
So I feel like on that regard,
Sourcery is really good.
- Yeah, same.
I have the same feeling.
Like it doesn't try to give you like
very quirky refactorings.
It's actually tries to make your code easier
by like removing redundant lines and stuff like that.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, but-- - But a very good point.
But a tool like this that could make it more obfuscated.
Now there's something that would be fun.
- There's job security right there, baby.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Command + Alt + L, reformat for...
- Reformat for Brian.
- Exactly.
(laughing)
No one can work on this project, but so and so.
Quickly reformat it to viewable,
work on it and re-encode it.
Perfect.
- Yeah, that'd be cool.
- Yeah.
(laughing)
- Something else that's awesome is Linode.
- Thank you, Linode.
Thank you for sponsoring the episode.
Simplify your infrastructure and cut your cloud bills
in half with Linode's Linux virtual machines.
Develop, deploy, and scale your modern applications
faster and easier.
Whether you're developing a personal project
or managing larger workloads,
you deserve simple, affordable,
and accessible cloud computing solutions.
As a listener of Python Bytes,
you'll get a $100 free credit.
You can find all the details at pythonbytes.fm/linode.
Linode has data centers around the world with the same simple and consistent pricing regardless
of location.
Choose the data center nearest to your users.
You also receive 24/7/365 human support with no tiers or handoffs regardless of your plan
size.
You can choose shared or dedicated compute instances, or you can use your $100 credit
on an S3 compatible object storage, manage Kubernetes, and more.
If it runs on Linux, it runs on Linode.
visit pythonbytes.fm/linode
and click on the create free account button to get started.
- Absolutely.
You know what I like about Linode?
It's like straightforward and simple.
I go to places like AWS, I'm like, what is all this stuff?
And why am I like so deep in the permissions of AIMs
in order to send an email over here?
Just connect, like it's just, ah,
like I just want to create a server, make it go.
Let's do that.
- Nice.
- Are we there?
- We're there.
- Okay.
- We're onto your next item, I believe.
Wait, no, we're not.
I'm jumping ahead, we're onto my next item.
So I'm gonna, I'll steal back of that.
So I'm on a database kick for some reason this week.
I mean, I love databases, which is weird
because when I first learned them,
they seemed so challenging and odd
and I struggled with them.
But I don't know, I just really enjoy
thinking about databases
'cause they're like the magic of your application, right?
A really slow clunky database will just like bring it down.
but a really nice polished one is like,
how is that so fast and smooth?
Like I really like working with this site.
So one that I haven't spoken much about
and honestly don't have a ton of experience with,
but I do think is an interesting consideration
is another branch of the NoSQL world in graph databases.
So instead of modeling columns,
you're really modeling entities and then their relationships.
Like the relationship thing is the first class thing
and you can query by relationships
instead of querying by data and then like joining and so on.
So a popular one for this is Neo4j.
And there's some nice ways to talk to it from Python.
And there's this, I don't even know what to call it.
OGM, I guess is the right.
So I said ODM for object document mapper.
So in the graph world, it's OGM for object graph mapper.
So there's an object graph mapper called NeoModel.
And I ran across this and I'm just like,
oh, this is super cool.
So the idea is that you can basically create these classes.
And if you look at how you do it,
if you've ever used Django ORM or Mongo engine
or something like that, it's literally the same thing.
So if you know Django ORM, you basically can do this.
Which is powerful because it gives you
a whole different way to work with data
and a whole different option without rethinking the world.
So I could create, say, for example, a country,
which is derived from structured node.
And then just like Django, you would say code equals,
instead of string column, you would say string property.
And it has an index, the index is uniqueness,
the field is required, boom, that's it.
Like one line field and it's defined.
Then a person, person might have a relationship
back to a country and so on.
And really, really neat, the way you just sort of define this
And then you can do interesting queries on it.
You can ask like,
give me the nodes where,
the person nodes where the name is Jim.
And that's pretty simple.
Or you can say,
give me the nodes where the age is greater than three
or whatever.
But also you can ask things like,
give me the country.
All right, so go Jim.country.
Is that connected to Germany?
Yes or no.
If it is, then Jim is from Germany.
or you can go to Germany and say,
give me all the inhabitants
and it'll tell you all the people in there.
And you can even say things like,
I would like all the people in Germany,
whose name is Jim.
So Germany.inhabitant.search name equals Jim,
like an incredibly simple programming model
to work with these graph databases.
So if you've got like really structured related data,
but you wanna like follow those relationships around,
you know, maybe Postgres is not the best option
for that kind of data.
And this would be a good one.
- Cool, huh?
Takes a bit of a mind bending getting used to it,
but pretty neat.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, Sebastian, have you ever had to do anything
with graph databases?
- No, but when I was looking at your code examples,
I was thinking why there is Django code,
and then you started saying, yeah,
it looks similar to Django, and I was like, okay.
- Yeah, exactly, why is there Django code
in my graph database?
But I think that's a huge benefit
for the Python world, right?
Like a lot of people know the Django ORM model,
or it's also the same as Mongo engine,
which obviously is also inspired by Django's ORM.
And so a really straightforward way,
like I think you could get up to speed in an hour
if you knew Django and working with this thing.
It seems real straightforward.
- So it might be kind of cool to see
like somebody do an example where they did the,
like a toy example in a graph database,
a relational in the document to see
what the trade-offs and benefits and things that are--
- Right, we've got that silly to-do app
that everyone has used for JavaScript front-end frameworks
to show like, here's how you build to-do in Vue.js,
here's how you build it in React.
I think having this canonical database
represent it side by side,
like here's the Postgres version,
here's the Neo4j version, all in Python,
That would be an awesome article.
Somebody had a bunch of time and desire.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, pretty cool, pretty cool.
Now you can talk about your item.
I didn't mean to shoot you too far ahead there.
- No, so I lost my window.
There it is.
So I've been thinking about, I don't mock much.
When I test, I try to test everything whenever I can,
But I've been learning about mocks a little bit
and mocking just because in some cases you kind of want to.
So as I got into it, I didn't get very far
before I realized that specking was like,
like something that people found out about later
but sounds sort of magical and I wanted to know more.
And I, and so I asked the Twitterverse,
whoever follows me and stuff,
if specking is something that you should do always
are avoided, is there downsides?
And then one of the things that I got back
was Stargirlflower's article called
my Python Testing Style Guide,
which includes this incredible section on mocking.
And her section is, the section is called
a mock must always have a spec.
And it's just a really, if you've ever wondered about this,
It's a really good discussion about mocking
because it's not their evil,
and it's also not go run out and use them.
The recommendations really are use real objects
for collaborators whenever possible.
But if you must mock, always use auto spec.
And so the idea around specing or not specing
is if I create a mock object, it can be anything.
I can ask it for the date.
I can ask it for the temperature of my coffee.
I can ask it for anything, or I can pass it anything,
and it'll accept it.
That's kind of what mocks do.
But if you say auto spec, you say,
I want this thing to mock this other class
and have auto spec be true.
It means I can't do anything to that mocked class
that I couldn't do to the real thing.
So all the interface is identical.
You can't do functions that aren't there.
And that's where I thought, well, that seems like a good thing.
And apparently it is.
- I think it's a good thing because you would like your test
to at least require a thing behaves like the real thing, right?
It might not give the real data back,
but you shouldn't be able to call functions that don't exist
or access fields that don't exist and so on.
- And more importantly, one of the things
that's highlighted in this article
is even if you could manually get it just right,
Later you might change the interface.
You might change the API call, add a function
or add a parameter that's required
or remove a parameter that's not needed anymore.
And your tests that use the mock that are custom built
are still passing, but they shouldn't be.
And with Autospec, your test will fail at that point
when the interface break happens.
So.
- You run your tests more than once?
(laughing)
- No, of course, obviously this is why you,
one of the main values is this thing is locked down.
I want to be able to make dramatic changes to it
and see that it hangs together.
And if things like rename a function
has no effect on the test path, that's not so good.
- Yeah, and then there's a whole bunch of other great advice
that she gives around mocking, talks about,
consider using stubs and fakes,
and even gives an example of what those are.
And basically it's like writing your own little tiny thing
to substitute for the real thing.
And spies, which are cool.
Spies are like a mock wrapper around a real object,
so it behaves the same as it always did.
But you can interrogate how it was called.
That's kind of a neat thing.
And some advice that I didn't really consider before
is to--
the test code is way cleaner if you don't
give the mocks special names.
Like a lot of people, if I wanted to mock Foo,
I might kind of title it Mock Foo.
And she says, don't do that, just name it foo,
then your code looks a lot cleaner.
And I tried it out and it does really great.
- Nice. - It does help out.
Anyway, great advice on mocking.
So if you're considering mocking, go read that.
- And if you're doing unit testing
and you want to not test all of your dependencies,
basically, if you don't wanna do integration tests,
you probably should be doing something like this.
- Yeah, I mean, I hardly ever use them.
I do things like rerouting my code through,
like any, I kind of designed it into my code.
if I have a chance, like for instance,
if I need to have a, I know anything with a database,
I know I'm gonna have to redirect the database
during testing, so that's just built into the design
of the system to be able to reroute that somewhere.
- Yeah.
Sebastian, what do you think?
- Yeah, that's a bunch of good advice.
So that's a very good article.
And I kind of agree with you,
like I also prefer to kind of like mock a specific method
of a real object, not to create a mock
and then add stuff around.
Although I think it's a different word
for mocking a method.
It's a stab or one of those words.
I could never remember which one is which.
- Yeah, yeah, for sure.
And then Robert Robertson is getting philosophical here.
It says a mock must always have a spec.
Will they add that to the Zen of Python?
I don't know.
- In Python 4.0.
- Yeah, exactly.
These are two things that are very unlikely.
- XANA is not extensible.
- Yeah, possibly.
Oh, also Dean was asking if the episode started,
the live stream started early today.
Hey Dean, daylight savings mismatch by a few weeks
with the rest of the world, at least with Europe.
Yeah, exactly.
That's the story.
All right.
Speaking of time zones and stuff that's challenging,
Speaking at conferences can be tricky
'cause it's virtual, you're not actually there.
So when does it really start?
Well, maybe at least we can know which ones are out there
and when the call for proposals are done, huh, Sebastian?
- Yeah, so yeah, as you said,
since the PyCon call for proposal acceptance emails
will be sent this week, I was thinking about conferences.
And since it's 2021, most conferences are moving online,
which is really cool 'cause, well, they are cheaper
because you, well, first of all, tickets are cheaper.
A lot of them are free.
Then you don't have to pay for the accommodation.
You don't have to pay for the ticket.
You don't have to fly.
So we don't have to take holidays.
So a lot of benefits.
And I was wondering, like,
how do you find conferences to attend?
Like there is this list at python.org
that lists some conferences,
but it doesn't have the smaller local events.
And you also don't have dates.
So you only have links to all the global,
well, countrywide conferences,
but you don't know when they are starting.
So I found this tool called Conference Radar,
and it's a PyPI package that you can install,
and then you get a command line tool that you can run
to get a list of upcoming conferences,
which is pretty cool,
especially that you can have some parameters,
like you can ask when,
you can get a list of conferences
that have opened the call for proposals,
So you can, if you want to submit a talk,
you can see which conferences are accepting those.
And I really like it that you get this nice ASCII table
in the terminal, since I love CLI tools,
this is really cool for me to use.
- Yeah, yeah.
I think these integrate some rich,
get even like fancier tables, but yeah, it's really nice.
- Yeah, but the downside is that they don't have
that many conferences because it's using
only a few data sources.
So when I was running it today,
I couldn't find that many conferences
and actually there was no call for proposal open,
like no date was there.
So I hope it will improve,
but so far this is my best tool
to like find the upcoming conferences.
- Yeah, and if people are out there listening,
they have a conference,
they wanna get the word out about it,
you know, might as well go add it to the data source
that these things are using.
- Yeah, that would be awesome.
- Yeah, this thing's cool.
I checked it out.
One bit of confusion for me is
if you look at the description,
It says installation, you can simply use pip
to install Conrad for conference radar.
So you can use pip to install Conrad,
but you cannot pip install Conrad.
That will not work.
It may work.
If it does, you should maybe be concerned
because someone heard the show and put something in.
You have to pip install conference-radar.
So I don't know, maybe just a little clarification
for people who want to check this out.
but the command, the CLI is Conrad show, Conrad refresh,
Conrad call for proposals, things like that.
You can even set reminders, right?
It'll like remind you when the call for proposal is closing.
- Oh, cool. I didn't see that.
- Yeah, I think there's a remind feature in here.
I can't remember exactly how it works,
but yeah, yeah, pretty cool.
- I'm glad that you mentioned that
'cause I just tried to pip install Conrad
and I'm like, it didn't work, man.
- It's broken. What is this thing?
- Yeah, I just think the documentation's a little unclear
'cause the CLI and the package name are not the same.
- At least you didn't get some malicious package.
- Exactly.
- Mining bitcoins right now.
- Exactly, why is my computer hot?
That's weird.
- Suddenly my camera turned on.
Oh no, we're doing a live stream, that's why.
- Yep, yep.
- Oh, and also Dean has a quick comment for you there,
Sebastian, oh, this is perfect.
And I think I maintain a Google calendar for conferences.
Yeah. - Oh, cool.
- Yeah, that's a good idea.
- Yeah, I was looking for different sources
where to get the conference information.
And so far, the most reliable one is my friend Miro
on Twitter, who is submitting and speaking
at a lot of conferences.
- Yeah, he is at a lot of conferences.
- I'm following him and he's always speaking.
He's always tweeting.
So that's my best bet so far.
- I met him at PyCon Slovakia.
So yeah, I know he's at the conferences often.
- Yeah.
- Awesome.
Brian, is that it?
- That's it for me.
Do you have anything you wanna share?
- Oh yeah, I almost have an extra, extra, extra, extra
hear all about it section to share, but not quite.
So I'll keep it a little bit quick here,
but I'll go through some things.
First of all, quick announcement,
Sebastian and I have been working for, as he hinted at,
I don't know if this was on the recording
or before we started, but for like six months
on a project called Modern Python Projects,
which is a follow-on sort of course version
of the Modern Python Developers Toolkit thing
we did over at Talk Python, episode 279, I think.
So we've got this awesome course out at
talkpython.fm/modern-python-projects,
or just click the link in the show notes
and you can check it out.
It's been out for an hour and 10 minutes.
So not very long.
- This looks really cool.
I am excited about this.
- Yeah, a lot of neat stuff that Sebastian,
this is all Sebastian's work that he put into it here.
So it's really cool.
- You helped a lot as well.
- Thanks.
What would you like to, maybe, what do you think?
Quick thing to share,
tell people about this course that you built.
- Yeah, so basically my idea was to give you an overview
of everything you need to know,
even if you don't have Python installed on your computer,
all the way up to actually building
and publishing your project.
So basically we start by installing Python.
I show you how to manage dependencies.
We also show you how to set up VS Code
for programming with Python.
Then we add test, then we add tools like linters,
formatters, some static code analysis.
Then we add test documentation, obviously.
We talk about continuous integration.
There are like three sections
where we build different projects
and actually each of them is done in a different manner.
So for one, I use Poetry,
for the other one, I don't use Poetry,
so we have a comparison.
And all the way up to deploying,
where I show you how to deploy, for example, to Heroku
and how to create a Docker image and yeah, whole spectrum.
- Yeah, that's cool, I definitely like it.
So people can check that out, that's a quick item there,
just that we launched that recently.
And also, Brian, our pythonbytes.fm
looks very bright right now, what do you think?
- Yeah, neat.
So one thing I wanted to do,
people have been contacting us and saying,
"Hey, I heard you mentioned like,
"oh, we just mentioned Dean's name on the live stream.
"What is this live stream?
"When is it?
"How do I find it?"
So what I've done is I've updated the Python Bytes website
and Talk Python for its live stream.
But for Python Bytes, if you go to pythonbytes.fm,
if we're live streaming at that very moment,
there's like a big red banner across the top,
like we're live streaming right now,
come be part of the show.
And then there's also a live stream menu item
that'll take you over and show you
like the live stuff that's happening.
And it'll basically show you the live plan stream,
but you can open that up on YouTube
to be part of the live chat and so on.
So live stream now on the podcast page,
if it's a podcast site, if you visit it
and it's called Bright, you know, and you got a moment,
go check out the live stream.
- Yeah, and then also if Michael's up to date on it,
which he does all the work on this, I appreciate that.
We announced when the next one's gonna be.
So if you're not sure, you can just check it out anyway.
and there should be a link there to say when.
- Yeah, that's right.
So normally what I try to do is schedule the next one
when we're done with this one.
So if people go there, they'll see the,
like here's the next live streaming
and YouTube has a button to say,
set a reminder, tell me when this is happening.
Last time, I think I said,
is Python on Mars?
Because that F plane, that flight overview system,
it was using Python to train the models,
but I think it's using C++ to fly the little helicopter thing
And I just mentioned, if anybody knows Python's on Mars,
that would be awesome because this is really cool
and related, but it's not the same as Python on Mars.
So Bojack Norseman sent a tweet over and said,
"Hey, Python Bytes, you guys asked for a confirmation.
"Linux Unplugged," the Linux podcast,
has an interview with Tim Canham at JPL,
where he talks about running various machines
and mentions Python.
So the thing that he talks about is,
Remember when the thing was landing
and there was the sky crane that like lowered perseverance
and there were all these different camera views.
You could see the bottom flying away.
You could see it like shooting up dust and coming down.
There's all these views, like these onboard cameras.
Apparently all those were controlled and collected
and like processed with Python on Mars.
So yes, Python is on Mars.
- Sweet.
Nice.
- Following up on your item,
Sebastian Guido Van Rossum has sent out,
said that signups for the Python Language Summit
at PyCon online only are now open.
If you represent a third party package
and wanna have a say in Python's future, please sign up.
So if you have a third party package
and you wanna be part of this, please sign up.
I'll put the link in the show notes.
Oh, wait.
- Does a single developer package
qualify as a third party package?
- Do you wanna have a say in Python's future?
They might not listen to you.
They're like, well, I'm gonna talk to the guys
that do Flask and Django.
You can go get a seat in the corner.
I have no idea what that was.
- I don't think people should listen to me, so.
- Robert Robertson has a very nice meme.
The snake has landed.
Instead of the eagle, right?
The snake has landed, beautiful.
For the Python thing.
All right, Sebastian, anything else
you wanna throw out there real quick?
- Yeah, I have a kind of a curiosity
'cause I started using VS Code in a browser recently.
I started a new project and everyone on the team
is using VS Code in the browser.
And it's working surprisingly well.
I would never try to use a code editor in a browser,
like out of myself, never,
'cause I need to have everything installed locally.
But now that I have to use it, I'm like super impressed.
Everything works smoothly and my experience is amazing.
So it made me think like,
well, is this the future of programming?
It's definitely nice to have everything on the same page
because it's like super easy to set up the same plugins,
the same configuration for the whole team.
People don't have to install anything.
So yeah, I'm wondering to see
in which direction it will go.
- Yeah, it's super interesting.
I haven't done a lot of it,
but it's probably using that thing where they said,
well, this is an Electron app.
Let's take the UI bit and just move the backend
farther away and put that in a Docker container
or something.
I'm guessing that's how it ran, right?
It wasn't pure all JavaScript.
- Yeah, I think so.
But I was expecting some latency and nothing like that.
I mean, my only concern is that the browser
is interrupting some keyboard shortcuts.
So whenever I want to close a tab in the VS Code,
I'm closing the browser window
because that's the same combination.
- That drives me crazy about the browser editors.
It's like, I'm editing, I'm editing,
I wanna make this tab go away.
Oh, why is the whole thing gone again?
Ah.
- Yeah. - Yeah,
there's nothing to do about that.
Yeah, I know that that's really cool.
And you know, it's really applicable for,
like if you've got a class full of students
and they have Chromebooks,
and they can't install Python and VS Code
on their Chromebook, but they have Chrome,
they're good, they're good to go, right?
Or things like that, or an iPad that doesn't allow it.
So really enough possibilities there.
- Exactly, we have some custom libraries
and they are already available
on those virtual machines with VS Code.
So that's super easy to use.
- Yep, absolutely.
So Brian, I put together a joke for us,
but we'll have to clean it up just a little bit for the air.
- Okay, I'm not reading it.
- I'll read it, I'll read it, I'll read it.
So I'll put it up here.
So it's a picture of some birds on a power line, right?
And they sort of often sit together in little groups,
like, I don't know why,
they're just hanging out on the power line.
They've got like incredible balance
and they're all just sitting there.
And there's one bird that's like outside of the power line.
It's like where the power line stops and goes down.
The bird's just sitting there floating in midair.
And the other birds are looking at each other like,
how is he just, his wings aren't flapping.
How does he just sitting there in midair and they go,
oh, he has a wifi.
But then the bird comes crashing down and he goes,
the falling bird screams, darn router.
I love it.
I thought it was good.
It might not be totally safe for it, but it's good.
- Yeah, there's a lot of routers that aren't properly tested
with Roger Schwartz equipment.
- Yeah, yeah.
I mean, if you were floating suspended in midair
by your wifi, then it stops.
That's a little risky.
That's good.
Well thanks Sebastian for stopping by and doing the show with us.
Thank you for having me.
Quite a lot of fun.
Yeah, it was fun.
Thanks for coming.
Thanks Brian.
Thanks for being here.
Yeah, thank you.
Bye everyone.
Thanks.
[BLANK_AUDIO]